Release 1.2.0 (#52)
chmurakrajowa/terraform-provider-ochk: docs/resources/firewall_sn_rule.md

The following arguments are supported:

> * `router_id` - (Required) Identifier of vpc id. Use `router_id` to find router id. Updates to this attribute forces recreate.

Author: ```suggestion
* `router_id` - (Required) Identifier of vpc id. Use `router_id` data source to find router id by name. Update to this attribute forces recreate.
```
